so thor ragnarok is that kid you made
fun of in high school and then after
summer he comes back and you're like
what am now if you missed the first two
movies I can't really help you there
since those were like the two best
two-hour naps I've ever had but even
Chris didn't like them so I don't really
think you have to worry about them
instead we begin with Thor looking for
Marvel seven dragonballs when he gets
caught by typhi tea from Moana Led
Zeppelin's immigrant song plays which
gives him the power to escape and he
comes back home to Asgard to catch his
brother pretending to be his dad now if
you remember in the second one if you
woke up right at the end of your nap
that was like a big twist that they
ended the second one with and it was
supposed to be like this crazy built up
that they were going to do with Loki
having pretending to be his dad and
thinking over it gets solved in minutes
like they're literally trying their
hardest to avoid everything from the
first two they pull American Ashley and
visit New York City in search of their
Papa when Doctor Strange straight-up
kidnaps Loki Thor has a beer with him to
settle his contractual obligation that
he has to be in this movie and then he
sends him to Narnia where they find
their dad chilling he says goodbye turns
into Pixies dust and before they can
even shed it's here Samara from the rain
comes out of nowhere and destroy stories
hammer your son of Odin has just warned
them that they have a sister they never
knew about named hella who's hella good
at killing people that she's known as
the god of death they try to escape by
doing that beam me up Scotty thing but
she tosses them to another planet while
she arrives at Asgard and kicks guard as
Thor wakes up in this new planet becomes
a slave by Creed's girlfriend and is
sent to compete in a battle arena where
he meets the best character in the movie
boys thank you you're welcome
Loki's also on this planet but you know
that Loki's that co-worker who sucks up
to the boss so much that he's in good
standing with Jeff Goldblum who well he
just pretty much plays Jeff Goldblum in
the movie Thor gets tossed into this
battle royale which turns into a family
reunion for him
[Applause]
he's a friend from war funny thing about
this line was that it's actually written
by a kid who is visiting the set on a
make-a-wish Foundation type of retreat
thing and so technically a child has a
writing credit on this massive
box-office hit and it works better than
Justice League the to tie in their
battle even though Goldblum pulled a
Brady and cheated by zapping the god of
thunder which when you really think
about it why would the god of thunder
not be able to handle that if he can
literally control electricity by the way
a big chunk of the movie is just Ruffalo
trying to make Hemsworth laughs and 95%
of the movie is improv and they even
keep the parts where they break
character these would be find a way to
make it back to Asgard they try their
hardest to defeat the Royal supervillain
Lord Indra selbo who has literally been
a doorman for the last two movies a
doorman finally gets to do more since
its 2017 and he saved a whole group of
Asgardian so they have a whole crew to
battle and take down Hylian our army the
big reveal though that we get with a
little bit of backstory is that since we
know hella is their older sister we also
see that Odin practically took over
Asgard pilgrim style by killing all of
the natives that means that everything
Thor knew has been a lie thinking that
his brother was his best friend and then
he's not thinking that his father was
this perfect leader who did things right
when he did it and thinking that he was
going to rule Asgard and then it
explodes they defeat cate blanchett by
calling back to kya and causing Ragnarok
to happen which is when the entire
planet
pretty much just gets engulfed into
flames and it's his whole apocalypse
Thor loses an eye so he now looks like
his dad
and is the king like his dad as they
escape on this huge enterprise ship with
everyone until they get caught by Thanos
ship now I don't know when that infinity
war trailer is gonna drop but for those
of you who saw cuz you were in Hall H or
for those of you who saw it cuz you know
you kind of stumbled upon it online it
starts off with Chris Hemsworth landing
on the Guardian ship with that eyepatch
and unites with them does this mean
everyone on that ship is going to die
does Loki betray them since he took the
tesseract will cord get his own
franchise I don't know how it's all
gonna play out in the end
but what I do know for effect is that
Cate Blanchett was hella fine as that
villain thanks for watching this video
I love Thor Ragnarok I know there's a
lot of people who complain at the comedy
and that would be a great observation I
know that there are also of those who
complain that there's no story when you
know the story was he has to kill his
sister he loses his dad his hammer his
hair his cape his world his eye and then
finally has to become king even though
he's taking everyone away but yeah you
know there's no story other than that if
there's any other movies you want me to
explain let me know down below as I go
and get me and my guitar Adam ate